Addi-data drivers

ðƒð¨ð°ð§ð¥ð¨ðšð ð¡ðžð«ðž ===> https://is.gd/8RtTnR?913746

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

This means a real-time system executes a task within a predefined time. Real-time systems are especially required for automatic rework processes: the products are to be reworked where an error was detected during a previous measurement. If the control system reacts too slowly, the product is not reworked at the correct place.
Windows is not a deterministic operating system. Nevertheless, a lot of users also wish to use the trusted platform for measurement and automation tasks. Equipped with the RTX real-time extension, Windows is able to execute time-critical tasks as well as classical tasks. Requirement of such a board is determined by the necessity of high-resolution timer with period of about 25 microseconds. Hardware Driver was developed to provide the possibility to work with various hardware systems that require control in real-time mode.
The Driver is fully configurable from application supplied with it. It is possible to enable or disable required axes, reverse axes, specify motion area, velocity and acceleration. There is a possibility for additional controlling parameters for various applications. The Driver can accept input data in HPGL language, and it is capable to control external laser tools concurrently with the motion.
Together with Printer Driver, it is possible to use Windows standard graphical applications such as CorelDraw, AutoCAD, etc to control 2- coordinate systems and engrave vector or raster graphics generated by graphical applications. Printer Driver is intended to take part in rendering process together with GDI.
It produces data in HPGL format with certain extension to implement features of specific machines that have differences in structure and functionality from usual plotters but are still closer to them than to any other computer peripherals. Printer Driver is implemented like Windows Plotter Driver. It also has a set of pen options and a set of specific options for a machine.
Printer Driver works with vector and raster data. Newsletter subscription. Solutions for Industrial Measurement and Automation. Distributed solutions. Product applications per industry sectors. Automotive Industry.
Tool Making and Machine Building Industry. Factory Automation. Power Distribution and Renewable Energy.