Download do driver da impressora lexmark z35

ðƒð¨ð°ð§ð¥ð¨ðšð ð¡ðžð«ðž ===> https://is.gd/8RtTnR?908542

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Download Now. Developer's Description By Lexmark International. This package supports the following driver models: Lexmark ZZ Full Specifications. What's new in version  Release August 26,  Date Added December 14,  Version  Operating Systems. Total Downloads 49, Downloads Last Week 0.
Report Software. Related Software. Get a driver package for your HP LaserJet printer. Samsung Universal Print Driver Free. Use this driver if you cannot print from your computer using model-specific drivers. Trademarks and Logos. Source Code. The Programs may contain source code that, unless expressly licensed for other purposes, is provided solely for reference purposes pursuant to the terms of the End User License Agreement.
Third Party Code. Commercial Features. Use of the Commercial Features for any commercial or production purpose requires a separate license from Oracle.
This product may incorporate intellectual property owned by Microsoft Corporation. Aceitar e fechar. JavaScript is disabled. Our site requires JavaScript for basic functionality. Please enable JavaScript within your browser to maximize your experience. Fora de linha Lexmark Z Sistemas operativos Linux suportados Mandrake Linux 7. Suprimentos do Programa de retorno. If any such provisions apply, then to the extent Licensor is able, Licensor hereby limits its liability for breach of those provisions to one of the following: providing you a replacement copy of the Software Program or reimbursement of the greater of the price paid for the Software Program or five U.
Licensor grants you the following rights provided you comply with all terms and conditions of this Software License Agreement:. You may Use one 1 copy of the Software Program.
The term "Use" means storing, loading, installing, executing, or displaying the Software Program. You may not separate the components of the Software Program for use on more than one computer. You agree that you will not Use the Software Program, in whole or in part, in any manner that has the effect of overriding, modifying, eliminating, obscuring, altering or de-emphasizing the visual appearance of any trademark, trade name, trade dress or intellectual property notice that appears on any computer display screens normally generated by, or as a result of, the Software Program.
You may make one 1 copy of the Software Program solely for purposes of backup, archiving, or installation, provided the copy contains all of the original Software Program's proprietary notices.
You may not copy the Software Program to any public or distributed network. Licensor reserves all rights not expressly granted to you in this Software License Agreement. Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of this Software License Agreement, all or any portion of the Software Program that constitutes software provided under public license by third parties "Freeware" is licensed to you subject to the terms and conditions of the software license agreement accompanying such Freeware, whether in the form of a discrete agreement, shrink-wrap license, or electronic license terms at the time of download or installation.
Use of the Freeware by you shall be governed entirely by the terms and conditions of such license. You may not alter, decrypt, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, reverse compile or otherwise translate the Software Program or assist or otherwise facilitate others to do so, except as and to the extent expressly permitted to do so by applicable law for the purposes of inter-operability, error correction, and security testing.
If you have such statutory rights, you will notify Licensor in writing of any intended reverse engineering, reverse assembly, or reverse compilation. You may not decrypt the Software Program unless necessary for the legitimate Use of the Software Program. You may transfer the Software Program to another end-user. Any transfer must include all software components, media, printed materials, and this Software License Agreement and you may not retain copies of the Software Program or components thereof.
The transfer may not be an indirect transfer, such as a consignment. Prior to the transfer, the end-user receiving the transferred Software Program must agree to all these Software License Agreement terms.
Upon transfer of the Software Program, your license is automatically terminated. You may not rent, sublicense, or assign the Software Program except to the extent provided in this Software License Agreement. To Use a Software Program identified as an upgrade, you must first be licensed to the original Software Program identified by Licensor as eligible for the upgrade. After upgrading, you may no longer use the original Software Program that formed the basis for your upgrade eligibility.
This Software License Agreement applies to updates or supplements to the original Software Program provided by Licensor unless Licensor provides other terms along with the update or supplement.
This Software License Agreement becomes effective upon your acceptance and continues in effect unless terminated or rejected. You may reject or terminate this license at any time by destroying all copies of the Software Program, together with all modifications, documentation, and merged portions in any form, or as otherwise described herein. Licensor may terminate your license upon notice if you fail to comply with any of the terms of this Software License Agreement.
Upon such termination, you agree to destroy all copies of the Software Program together with all modifications, documentation, and merged portions in any form. You agree that you are responsible for payment of any taxes including, without limitation, any goods and services and personal property taxes, resulting from this Software License Agreement or your Use of the Software Program.
No action, regardless of form, arising out of this Software License Agreement may be brought by either party more than two years after the cause of action has arisen, except as provided under applicable law. If you acquired this product in a country which is a member of the European Union, the laws of that country shall govern the interpretation of this Software License Agreement and any claims arising hereunder, regardless of choice of laws principles of any other jurisdiction.
If you acquired this product in any other country, the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, United States of America, shall govern the interpretation of this Software License Agreement and any claims arising hereunder, regardless of choice of laws principles of any other state. The Software Program and any related documentation are "Commercial Items," as that term is defined in 48 C.
Consistent with 48 C. Government end users a only as Commercial Items and b with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. You agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations including, but not limited to, laws pertaining to the collection and use of personal data.