Drivers lexmark p3150

ðƒð¨ð°ð§ð¥ð¨ðšð ð¡ðžð«ðž ===> https://is.gd/8RtTnR?164046

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

PrecisionSense technology achieves optimum results with automatic cartridge alignment and paper type sensing. Accu-Feed paper handling system virtually eliminates paper jams. Host-based copying: 1st copy up to 6 cpm black; up to 3. Additional copies up to  Photo Features: Built-in memory card readers, print and copy borderless photos that look like traditional photographs select paper sizes.
Printing: 35mm photo-quality resolution! Up to x dpi on photo paper; up to x dpi on all other paper types. Scroll to Return Program supplies. Scroll to regular supplies. Scroll to other supplies. Stay up to date with the latest security and other new features, and improve your productivity. Your Lexmark device performs best when you download the most recent drivers and firmware. Sign up for firmware alerts now. The Lexmark Universal Print Driver provide users and administrators with a standardized, one-driver solution for their printing needs.
Instead of installing and managing individual drivers for each printer model, administrators can install the Lexmark Universal Print Driver for use with a variety of both mono and color laser printers and multi-function devices.
Lexmark and the Lexmark logo are trademarks of Lexmark International, Inc. Mac and macOS are trademarks of Apple Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Licensor warrants that media e. The warranty period is ninety 90 days and commences on the date the Software Program is delivered to the original end-user. This limited warranty applies only to Software Program media purchased new from Licensor or an Authorized Licensor Reseller or Distributor. Licensor will replace the Software Program should it be determined that the media does not conform to this limited warranty.
This Agreement is to be read in conjunction with certain statutory provisions, as that may be in force from time to time, that imply warranties or conditions or impose obligations on Licensor that cannot be excluded or modified.
If any such provisions apply, then to the extent Licensor is able, Licensor hereby limits its liability for breach of those provisions to one of the following: providing you a replacement copy of the Software Program or reimbursement of the greater of the price paid for the Software Program or five U. Licensor grants you the following rights provided you comply with all terms and conditions of this Software License Agreement:. You may Use one 1 copy of the Software Program.
The term "Use" means storing, loading, installing, executing, or displaying the Software Program. You may not separate the components of the Software Program for use on more than one computer. You agree that you will not Use the Software Program, in whole or in part, in any manner that has the effect of overriding, modifying, eliminating, obscuring, altering or de-emphasizing the visual appearance of any trademark, trade name, trade dress or intellectual property notice that appears on any computer display screens normally generated by, or as a result of, the Software Program.
You may make one 1 copy of the Software Program solely for purposes of backup, archiving, or installation, provided the copy contains all of the original Software Program's proprietary notices. You may not copy the Software Program to any public or distributed network.
Licensor reserves all rights not expressly granted to you in this Software License Agreement. Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of this Software License Agreement, all or any portion of the Software Program that constitutes software provided under public license by third parties "Freeware" is licensed to you subject to the terms and conditions of the software license agreement accompanying such Freeware, whether in the form of a discrete agreement, shrink-wrap license, or electronic license terms at the time of download or installation.
Use of the Freeware by you shall be governed entirely by the terms and conditions of such license. You may not alter, decrypt, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, reverse compile or otherwise translate the Software Program or assist or otherwise facilitate others to do so, except as and to the extent expressly permitted to do so by applicable law for the purposes of inter-operability, error correction, and security testing.
If you have such statutory rights, you will notify Licensor in writing of any intended reverse engineering, reverse assembly, or reverse compilation.
You may not decrypt the Software Program unless necessary for the legitimate Use of the Software Program. You may transfer the Software Program to another end-user. Any transfer must include all software components, media, printed materials, and this Software License Agreement and you may not retain copies of the Software Program or components thereof.
The transfer may not be an indirect transfer, such as a consignment. Prior to the transfer, the end-user receiving the transferred Software Program must agree to all these Software License Agreement terms.
Upon transfer of the Software Program, your license is automatically terminated. You may not rent, sublicense, or assign the Software Program except to the extent provided in this Software License Agreement.
To Use a Software Program identified as an upgrade, you must first be licensed to the original Software Program identified by Licensor as eligible for the upgrade. After upgrading, you may no longer use the original Software Program that formed the basis for your upgrade eligibility.
This Software License Agreement applies to updates or supplements to the original Software Program provided by Licensor unless Licensor provides other terms along with the update or supplement. This Software License Agreement becomes effective upon your acceptance and continues in effect unless terminated or rejected.
You may reject or terminate this license at any time by destroying all copies of the Software Program, together with all modifications, documentation, and merged portions in any form, or as otherwise described herein. Licensor may terminate your license upon notice if you fail to comply with any of the terms of this Software License Agreement. Upon such termination, you agree to destroy all copies of the Software Program together with all modifications, documentation, and merged portions in any form.
You agree that you are responsible for payment of any taxes including, without limitation, any goods and services and personal property taxes, resulting from this Software License Agreement or your Use of the Software Program. No action, regardless of form, arising out of this Software License Agreement may be brought by either party more than two years after the cause of action has arisen, except as provided under applicable law. If you acquired this product in a country which is a member of the European Union, the laws of that country shall govern the interpretation of this Software License Agreement and any claims arising hereunder, regardless of choice of laws principles of any other jurisdiction.
If you acquired this product in any other country, the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, United States of America, shall govern the interpretation of this Software License Agreement and any claims arising hereunder, regardless of choice of laws principles of any other state.
The Software Program and any related documentation are "Commercial Items," as that term is defined in 48 C. Consistent with 48 C. Government end users a only as Commercial Items and b with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.
You agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations including, but not limited to, laws pertaining to the collection and use of personal data. You agree that Licensor, its affiliates, and agents may collect and process information including any personal data you provide or that is gathered or generated by the Software Program in relation to i any support services performed in connection with the Software Program and requested by you, ii enabling any functionality of the Software Program or services provided by Licensor, or iii enabling Licensor to perform any other services related to the Software Program as you and Licensor may agree.
Licensor agrees to process the information only to the extent necessary to provide such services or enable the functionality of the Software Program. You agree that Licensor may transfer your information to the United States or other countries for processing in accordance with this Section. You may not a acquire, ship, transfer, or reexport, directly or indirectly, the Software Program or any direct product therefrom, in violation of any applicable export laws or b permit the Software Program to be used for any purpose prohibited by such export laws, including, without limitation, nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons proliferation.
El Otorgante se reserva todos los derechos que no se conceden expresamente mediante el presente Acuerdo de licencia del software. Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of this Software License Agreement, portions of the Licensed Software constituting third party software, including software provided under a public license, may be licensed to you subject to the terms and conditions of certain software license agreements "Third Party Software".
Such software license agreements accompany such Third Party Software, whether in the form of a discrete agreement, shrink-wrap license, electronic license terms at the time of download or installation, or is set forth in the thirdpartylicenses.
Unless explicitly stated in the thirdpartylicenses. De acuerdo con 48 C. This Software License Agreement including any addendum or amendment to this Software License Agreement that is included with the Software Program is the entire agreement between you and Licensor relating to the Software Program. Except as otherwise provided for herein, this Software License Agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, and representations with respect to the Software Program or any other subject matter covered by this Software License Agreement except to the extent such extraneous terms do not conflict with the terms of this Software License Agreement, any other written agreement signed by you and Licensor relating to your use of the Software Program.
To the extent any Licensor policies or programs for support services conflict with the terms of this Software License Agreement, the terms of this Software License Agreement shall control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, software owned by Oracle America, Inc.
The eTask printer devices manufactured by Lexmark with 4. In addition to the foregoing, with respect to any Oracle America, Inc. Java Technology Restrictions. You are prohibited from creating, modifying, or changing the behavior of classes, interfaces, or subpackages that are in any way identified as "Java", "Javax", "Sun" or similar convention as specified by Oracle in any naming convention designation. Trademarks and Logos. Source Code. The Programs may contain source code that, unless expressly licensed for other purposes, is provided solely for reference purposes pursuant to the terms of the End User License Agreement.
Third Party Code. Commercial Features. Use of the Commercial Features for any commercial or production purpose requires a separate license from Oracle. This product may incorporate intellectual property owned by Microsoft Corporation. This product is based on Microsoft Print Schema technology.
Lexmark no es responsable de errores u omisiones.